docs: add a new option `--hovered` to the `open` command (#39)
yazi-rs/yazi-rs.github.io: docs/configuration/keymap.md

| Options/Arguments | Description                                                                  |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `--interactive`   | Open the selected files with an interactive UI to choose the opening method. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--interactive`   | Open the hovered/selected file(s) with an interactive UI to choose the opening method. |
```

> | `--hovered`       | Open the hovered file regardless of the selection state.                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--hovered`       | Always open the hovered file regardless of the selection state.                     |
```
